Adding 3 new CDK stacks to support Weathertop (#4687)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: test/eventbridge_rule_with_sns_fanout/README.md

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> # Scheduled Event Producer Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scheduled Event Producer stack
```

> The code in this directory deploys a CDK stack that produces events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this directory deploys an AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) stack that produces events.
```

This stack can be deployed in isolation; however, it serves a purpose in this repository's [test automation architecture](../README.md).

> Specifically, it deploys a scheduled EventBridge rule that publishes a message to an SNS topic to which many "consumer" SQS topics are subscribed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, it deploys a scheduled Amazon EventBridge rule that publishes a message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Many "consumer" Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) topics are subscribed to the SNS topic.
```

![weathertop-comp-2.png](..%2Farchitecture_diagrams%2Fpng%2Fweathertop-comp-2.png)

---

> ## System requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## System requirements
```

* npm (node.js)
* python 3.x

> * AWS access key & secret for AWS user with permissions to create resources listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS access key and secret for AWS user with permissions to create the preceding resources
```

* Successfully written [system parameters](#storing-system-parameters)
  
### Storing system parameters

Before you get started, execute [store_system_parameters.py](store_system_params.py) as described in the code comments:

```
python3 store_system_params.py
```
---

> ## CDK setup & deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AWS CDK setup and deployment
```

> First, you will need to install the AWS CDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the AWS CDK:
```

```
sudo npm install -g aws-cdk
```

You can check the toolkit version with this command:

```
cdk --version
```

Now you are ready to create a virtualenv:

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

Activate your virtualenv:

```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Install the required dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point you can now synthesize the AWS CloudFormation template for this code.
```

```
cdk synth
```

> If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy!  This step will actually make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy.  This step will actually make
```

changes to your AWS cloud environment.  

```
cdk bootstrap
cdk deploy
```

To clean up, issue this command:

```
cdk destroy
```

To exit the virtualenv python environment:

```
deactivate
```

# Useful commands

>  * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
>  * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
>  * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
>  * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
>  * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cdk ls`          List all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       Emit the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      Deploy this stack to your default AWS account/Region
 * `cdk diff`        Dompare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        Open CDK documentation
```
